hello everyone we meet today
to discover together how to achieve
the coasters with drinks
ice cream it's gone at the hardware level
we are going to need a stick of the
semoy I used 8
we need two pieces of
cotton and in 30 to 40 cm in length
each a pair of scissors scotch and
a little bolloc'h and some glue if
you never want to give a
little bit more fantasy to your
under glass
to start so I take the stick
that I pose next to each other
correctly like this
I then take a piece of Scotch
that I lay on my sticks so as to
let all together
when it's done I pick up and I'll
to be able to place the tape on the other side
tomorrow morning
I take my cotton thread and I'm going
come the past on my first stick that
is on my left
I'm going to do it because the whole thing
be well now
I now pass some threads underneath
above like this
m
when I finish I do it so
that everything is sealed
correctly
I then come back to do the same thing
on the other side so the opposite of my
sticks like this
I cut the pieces of string that
are in too much
with my scissors I'm going now
cut my piece of tape because one of the
stick are now it's tied together
to others with my cotton thread we're going
replace the sticks correctly and we
will do the same thing with the sons of
cotton so that everything is
prettier
once it's done that's it
given
if we ever want accessorized
understand the little charms or
it's because you're going to have under the
hand
we are going to put a dot of glue and it's going
hold very very well
so here is our coaster is
now finished I hope this
video you liked it you was
useful
do not hesitate to share if you have
envy is on my side I tell you to
soon for new lease creations